{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red66\green1\blue120;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c33333\c10196\c54510;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Impromptu Zoom Meeting - April 20\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 VIEW RECORDING - 55 mins (No highlights)
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Meeting Purpose\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=0.0"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Final week debrief and introduction to the final project.}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Key Takeaways\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1599.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Final Project:
\f1\b0  Build a productized AI service for sustainability disclosures (e.g., TCFD, CSRD). The core task is designing a repeatable, fixed-price process, using pricing as a forcing function to ensure quality and efficiency.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=389.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Key Challenges:
\f1\b0  The program revealed three main hurdles: managing AI's "cognitive overload" (excessive output), building robust backends (databases), and the need for human experts to QA AI-generated novelty.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1316.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Model Volatility:
\f1\b0  Recent model performance dips (e.g., Claude 4.7) are a critical learning experience, teaching users to be skeptical and adapt to the non-linear nature of AI progress.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=2012.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Reference Files:
\f1\b0  The project requires creating reference files to guide the AI. The key is finding a balance: avoid over-specification (which stifles inference) and under-specification (which causes variability).}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Topics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Program Debrief: Challenges & Learnings\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=389.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Cognitive Overload:
\f1\b0  AI's verbose output creates a "firehose" of information that is difficult to digest and QA, risking user complacency.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=619.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Backend Complexity:
\f1\b0  Building a living service requires robust backend and database management (e.g., Supabase), a key growth area for non-technical users.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=996.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Expert QA:
\f1\b0  For complex tasks (e.g., climate resiliency analysis), AI generates novelty, but human experts are essential to validate its quality and interpret results.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1316.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Model Volatility:
\f1\b0  Recent performance dips (e.g., Claude 4.7) are a critical learning experience, teaching users to be skeptical and adapt to the non-linear nature of AI progress.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Final Project: Productizing AI for Disclosures\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1599.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Goal:
\f1\b0  Create a repeatable, productized AI service for sustainability disclosures.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1779.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Forcing Function:
\f1\b0  Define a fixed price for the service. This forces a realistic assessment of the process, human hours required, and the quality of the AI-generated deliverable.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1814.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Process Decomposition:
\f1\b0  Break down the disclosure workflow into discrete tasks.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1672.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Regulatory:
\f1\b0  Track standards (CSRD, TCFD, ISSB).}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1897.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Data:
\f1\b0  Ingest data; use AI for interviews or questionnaires to fill gaps.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1731.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Strategy:
\f1\b0  Capture qualitative info on board involvement and target-setting rigor.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1830.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Reference Files:
\f1\b0  Use reference files to guide the AI.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=2012.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Balance:
\f1\b0  Avoid over-specification (stifles inference) and under-specification (causes variability).}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=2158.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Creation:
\f1\b0  Generate reference files iteratively with AI, judging their effectiveness by the quality of the final output.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Context: The Disclosure Landscape\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=2754.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Non-Standardized Market:
\f1\b0  The disclosure market is not fully standardized, allowing for creative approaches.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=2875.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Value of Human Input:
\f1\b0  The most valuable parts of disclosure projects often involve human engagement (interviews, workshops) to capture nuanced insights.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=3056.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 AI's Role:
\f1\b0  AI can handle foundational tasks but requires expert human input for strategic elements (e.g., financial materiality, narrative).}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Next Steps\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1518.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 All Participants:}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1599.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Design a repeatable AI-driven disclosure process.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls5\ilvl1\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=1830.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Create reference files to guide the AI.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls5\ilvl1\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=2392.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Define a fixed price for the service, justifying the cost with a realistic estimate of human hours and expected quality.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls5\ilvl1\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/v5jrzGpNNcD8JJtD1SGTbxz-VsDCyyCi?tab=summary&timestamp=3288.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Present the productized service on Friday.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Impromptu Zoom Meeting - April 20\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 VIEW RECORDING - 55 mins (No highlights)
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=0.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @0:00}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
This unbelievably is our final week of the program. Is that right, Ben? This is right, correct? Yes, we're in week six.\
I just want to make totally sure of it. And so it's, from my perspective, flying by, and I think that, you we talked about Friday, how much progress you all had made and how quickly and how in many of the weeks it seemed like you were kind of exceeding what we thought was possible.\
Last week was a little bit more problematic with the app, and hopefully people will come for the workshop, where at least you have the opportunity to create an app with a little bit more training wheels than Cloud Code offers.\
And so coming into the final week, I think it would be really interesting to just take a little bit of time before we dive into week six and think about what you thought you could do for the client and your proposal.\
And that first week, and how the experience has been this far in terms of kind of like delivering against it, because that was part of the purpose of the proposal is to kind of like lay down a little bit of a benchmark to say, okay, how feasible would it be to create these kinds of deliverables?\
What would I experience while I was doing that? And if this were a real firm, you know, what are some of the challenges that might be involved in doing that?\
And obviously the opportunities in terms of how quickly and at what quality it could be accomplished. So I think now is a good time to just have, take a little bit of stock even before we go into week six and talk about disclosure.\
Sure. And I'd love to hear, and I think it would be useful for you to hear from each other, how that comparison looks now that you're kind of five full weeks into the program and have built lots of stuff.\
So who has a thought? And I know that it wasn't like a. Perfect map. It might not have been a perfect map in terms of what you promised week one and what we ended up, you know, doing together.\
So even while this is a realistic simulation, it wasn't meant to be the letter of the law in a sense, like we have to stick to the proposal.\
But it's more a way of saying kind of like, okay, well, I suggested that I could do these things.\
Could I do them? How did it go? What did I do? All of these things. So I'd love to hear from you all what your perspectives are on that.\
Somebody wants to go first. Who even remembers the proposal they wrote from week one, right? You can take a quick look at it, but hopefully you do remember some of it.\
Who has a thought? And part of the reason for doing this, and just to elaborate while you go, think about what you're going to say, is that, you know, this, what happens when you get into the AI.\
In world is that you almost are like a, I want to say like an asteroid or comet that goes in a different trajectory.\
And so what happens is basically that you're used to working in a certain way, you're to think things taking a certain amount of time, you're used to doing things in a certain way.\
And then as you get deeper and deeper into using AI and especially something like a harness, that trajectory starts to seem different to you in terms of what's possible, how would you go about doing the work, like all that kind of stuff.\
And I think that's part of what this benchmark thing is about, is about like establishing what that trajectory looks like, because even the trajectory now is going to change, who knows what it's going to look like four months from now or six months from now or a year from now.\
So Martin, all that said, we'd love to hear from you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=226.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @3:46}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 martin
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, so I guess my comments are on two lines. One is, you know, starting week one, there's all these deliverables and I'm like, okay, I've never been a consultant.\
I'm really not entirely. I've done consultative work before, but the whole setting of getting this massive unstructured data dump from somebody and how to do with it, I was frankly, I would have been, I was somewhat skeptical about the capacity of Claude to do that and to come out with something that was immediately useful in helping me dig into this, except for the fact that I had kind of seen you do something similar to that in that sort of like teaser workshop.\
But it was like, okay, well, I wasn't sure what, I don't how much prep there was for the workshop and I was very favorite.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=278.96"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @4:38}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
It was like a magician's trick. I actually had, you know, like all these illusions set up and everything.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=283.48"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @4:43}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 martin
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, I know, there were actually 10 people in a back room doing it, kind of like a robot demo from Tesla.\
But, yeah, no, I was somewhat skeptical about the ability to do that and frankly, when I put in a first prompt and it came back with something, there was a moment.\
Oh, holy . Because it was really quite comprehensive what it came back with, right? So in the end, what I think I had to learn more about doing was how to constrain what Claude does and also how to ingest what Claude creates, both of which were challenging, right?\
Because Claude had a habit of doing things I didn't want it to do, or I wanted to build up to it, and it just did it, right?\
And on the other hand, the amount it would create was so much that sometimes I felt like I couldn't really, I couldn't digest it all, and that I was like, okay, now I want Claude version 2 to tell me what Claude version 1 did, right?\
Because there was so much, which very quickly made me realize that, oh, yeah, okay, so I think some of the deliverables are actually, you know, this is actually quite doable if one, you know, given the bandwidth to actually sit down and do it, right?\
And it seemed, in the end, entirely, entirely achievable. I still have some sort of ways to go internally on how I think about how to make something that you can hand off as, you know, how self-contained that should be.\
But for the most part, you know, now that I've experienced it, think, yeah, that was actually pretty achievable if I had been able to spend the time to do it, which, unfortunately, you know, life happened and I didn't.\
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=382.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @6:22}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah. And I want to know some, I'm sorry, Martin, go ahead.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=386.66"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @6:26}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 martin
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
No, no, no, those were my thoughts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=388.78"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @6:28}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah. I want to note something Martin said because it's a real dynamic that we have to contend with. And I think it's only going to get worse.\
So the better the models get, the more we're going to have this problem that's kind of out there. People are talking about it, which is basically cognitive overload, right?\
You got like so much output thrown at you that you're basically going like, okay, but it's just too much.\
Like, I don't even know where to start to QA all this stuff and, you know, where do I even begin?\
it's also... Um. think... Um. And there's a tendency that we have as humans to just go like, and I don't mean this, this is, I'm totally referring to myself here, okay, that you basically just say at one point, oh, maybe I can just let all this through, you know, it's so much stuff and I can just basically like, oh, go with it.\
Yeah, this is good, this is good stuff. And then like you end up taking yourself out of the process, which, you know, we've never said or think is, we've never said that was a good thing, nor do we think that.\
It's very much to stay in the process, to be in the flow of you deciding what needs to go through and what isn't going to go through and what is good and what is not good.\
But when there's so much stuff is thrown at you, sometimes there's a tendency to go like, it looks great, you know.\
And I think that's also kind of like a dangerous possibility that we all have out there. And I tell you this even from a coding standpoint where I'm coding like very kind of like heavy pieces of software.\
And it and the problem was the tail end of 4.6 and now 4.7 got very verbose. And so give me this enormously long list of things that was like, this worked really well and this needs your attention and blah, blah, blah.\
And it was like literally like pages of stuff that I was having to get through all the time. And you would think, well, Diego, you know, like that's that's what you're here for.\
Like just buckle down and read through all this stuff. But mentally, you're like, no, this should be easy. You know, why do I have to wade through all this stuff just to kind of like make a decision?\
And so I had to get good at basically trying to dumb it down and say like, OK, tell me in plain English.\
I'm a non-technical person. Summarize it in one paragraph and then we can dive into stuff. Because digesting all of the stuff that it was giving me was like almost impossible.\
Like I just couldn't keep it all in my head. And so I had to kind of like work with it to go piecemeal and do all these things.\
So I think in the future, this is going to be a significant problem. It's going to be a good problem to have.\
means that AI in a sense is. producing lots of things for us, and we can't take ourselves out of the picture.\
But on the other hand, how do we deal, you know, how do we deal with that? So I think that's a great observation, Martin.\
So other thoughts? Yes, Joseph.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=559.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @9:19}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, I kind of want to piggyback on Martin's conversation and then also add what I learned from reflecting back on my first week goals.\
Um, one was when I started doing, applying cloud code to my work, like with that dashboard I shared, I ran into a similar problem of like, wow, there's so much information, but I had stopped using the like, my own, what you would call local context and critical thinking of like, we can produce all these metrics, but which ones do our clients actually care about?\
Um, and just like a wall of graphs doesn't necessarily mean more useful analysis at the end of the day.\
So I do think... I that was me catching myself becoming lazy, like just because I'm producing something doesn't mean that I was using my local context and critical thinking skills to make sure that the output produced value or led to like meaningful sustainability change.\
So yeah, I had that similar experience. But then when I was looking back at my week one proposal, my number one thing I focused on quite a bit was like a living service that could continually ingest new information and produce value even after the six weeks is over for the company.\
And that's why I got so fixated on the database last week and the data ingestion engine and what, where I feel like I'm running into the, the growth margins that I'm going to need to continue to push myself after this class is around the backend and the database management stuff.\
And you touched on that on Friday that like anyone can provide code. Front end stuff, but how do I actually create, like I can make something look super beautiful, but how do I make something effectively ingest and manage data sets in a longer period of time?\
And I am going to continue to explore Supabase for that, but also I'm where I still, I don't know 100% where I sit just yet on this is something we talked about on Friday, which is this balancing act between letting the LLM run in the background after something's already a product and kind of a little bit out of my audit control at a certain point versus less user-friendly, more laborious, but codified in such a way that it's more standardized.\
And so like, that's where, when I'm thinking about this as week six compared to week one, what I needed to deliver, that's where it's still like squishy for me, is that long-term continued day.\
Database management without a person being right there on top of it all the time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=725.951"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @12:05}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, these are all great points to raise. basically, like, we use Cloud Code as a productivity tool, but when we have to have someone else use its product, it becomes a much more complex and demanding ask.\
And it's just in the mode where we're less comfortable as non-technical users for those of us who are non-technical.\
And so all of that involves getting a technical backstop. It involves really, you know, another layer of challenge in prompting Cloud because we could easily have six weeks where it's just building apps with Cloud Code, right?\
And so, Tripp, if I get to you, like, I would just want to say that this thing about, like, building agents and building an app with agents in Lovable, like, we had that down.\
I don't Ben, we probably built, I don't know, a thousand apps, maybe? Our users probably built, like, more than a thousand apps in doing that.\
And the thing is, it was somewhat limiting. You couldn't have, like, a... Full, super-based experience, like you're talking about, Joseph.\
There's so many things that you couldn't really do within that kind of, like, training wheels experience that we decided not to go with it anymore.\
And so I guess this speaks to the continuation past the six weeks is that, you know, for sure, CloudCode can code apps really well.\
Like, I can tell you firsthand, it does it. And if you ask Alex Bickley, you know, he's just, like, coding things like crazy all the time using CloudCode.\
And so it could definitely do it. It's just that you have to get, it's just, like, another layer of challenge and prompting.\
Like, like, Surabhi, mentioned plan mode. In early 4.6, it entered into plan mode like that. It just did it automatically and was really meta thinking about what it needed to do.\
It seems to not do that anymore. And so now can we get it to be in plan mode? Can we get it to, somebody said, I forget who said, you have, like, the CloudCode that's doing the work on the CloudCode.\
That's supervising. Can, can you have, you know, these different ways of like making sure that it produces the app correctly?\
And I think the answer is definitely yes. It just takes a little bit more kind of like looking at it from different directions and problem solving than it did, you know, kind of like three or four weeks ago.\
So I wanted to mention Joseph is like, don't give up, basically. It's like, you know, if we really want to keep the training wheels off, my message to you is it can be done with a technical backstop.\
Um, but that technical backstop shouldn't have so much to do. And, uh, you know, maybe we'll do an advanced version of the program and be like, you know, advanced app development using cloud code.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=874.682"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @14:34}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Um, yeah, we're like how to, I, I completely agree with that. And I think the other piece that I'm running into is we have a very AI friendly senior software engineer at our company.\
But the one thing that he really doesn't trust us to vibe code is changes to the database.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=894.122"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @14:54}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
And so it's called migrations by the way.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=896.962"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @14:56}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah. And like, I want That's, like, if you were to offer another class, I would be really interested in database development and management through this app perspective for someone with a non-technical background, because I get the concept of a database and all the relationships and the joins that, so, like, the cascade of effects, but if there are other tools that vibe coding can do to, like, prioritize a minimalist and neat database, I think that that would help these, like, non-technical people build good databases instead of something that just gets endlessly messy and, like, it's kind of a house-of-cards situation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=936.942"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:36}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, and funnily enough, I mean, Ben, you know, the SharePoint and Supabase expert, and we've got Alex Bickley, who's, like, the vibe coding expert, and, you know, I can do strategic product design, and William can talk about security risks, so we definitely got us in it to do it, but it is, just so you know, like, this handoff, this commercial handoff of your work to someone else to repeat it.\
constantly. This was meant to give you a taste of it, but it is, it is like another thing in itself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=966.072"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @16:06}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
I can see you listening. Thanks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=968.492"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @16:08}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Awesome. Tripp, sorry to keep you waiting. Go ahead. Tripp, over to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=981.342"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @16:21}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 ben hillier (Voiz)
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
don't think your audio is working. I can see your mic is turned on, but we're not, we're not getting anything unfortunately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=988.142"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @16:28}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Tripp Borstel
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Oh, there we go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=988.982"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @16:28}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Is that coming through? Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=990.522"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @16:30}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Tripp Borstel
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Great talk. Agree with the points they've made so far. I think my ad is there are tasks that are relatively easy, both in terms of design and I think even QA, and then there are tasks that are really hard to do.\
So like the scope one and two inventory, I think that's fairly straightforward, and I can see a path to being able to do it on its, on its own.\
When I started to do climate resiliency, which I started augmenting. It was much larger public data sets like CMIP 6.\
And it gets much, much harder to be able to do and make sense and feel confidence in. And I think that's where the role of the expert becomes really, really important.\
So like we have climate PhDs on our team of like, how do we interpret those results? And then with the context of EY, you know, we also have other service lines like finance and strategy.\
And sector expertise like in PE. So I can really begin to see like, I would really want to roll in those experts to sort of evaluate like, is this good?\
How can we push this further? I can see it as a really valuable tool to generate novelty. Is the novelty good?\
Is it not good? I think I need expert judgment in order to be able to determine, iterate on it, and then feed it back into the model.\
So I view it as like, I think it will. Will be a critical tool in consulting to drive innovation and novel thinking with those expert humans in the loop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1089.48"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @18:09}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, that's a great point, too, because that also happens when we use Cloud to Wade outside of our area of domain expertise, or where we're just a little bit less comfortable.\
Then the question becomes, okay, but it can do that, but how do we QA, you know, those perspectives that it's contributing to the table?\
That's another kind of level of challenge, because then we have to get, like, another Cloud domain expert to basically look over the work of the first Cloud domain expert and let us know, you know, how things are going.\
So that's a particular challenge, I think, that's going to be ever-present in the future, because it brings so much domain expertise to the table, but it doesn't mean necessarily that we have enough of that slice of domain expertise to check, you know, what's going on with the domain expertise that it brings.\
So I think that's a really important point, Tripp, as well. a really important point. I know. So one thing I do do though is I do a lot of like checking in different sessions when that sort of thing happens and I'm out of my depth.\
So at least I have like these independent kind of like sessions. And I do red team, by the way.\
So I often do this and it's not a magic bullet. Like when you tell Claude to red team a conversation, it'll give you all the negatives it can find.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1167.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @19:27}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Tripp Borstel
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
It won't necessarily believe in them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1169.5"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @19:29}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
So it doesn't mean that all the bad stuff that it's saying is true. It just means that it's giving you a negative perspective that you need to kind of like look after and say, oh, okay, well, does this make sense to me?\
Does this hold water? Those kinds of things. So that's a technique that I use pretty often. Yeah. What do you think, Tripp?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1187.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @19:47}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Tripp Borstel
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, I agree. then I think like steel manning the argument as well, once you sort of like put it in in order to strengthen it further.\
So I can see those two steps. But, yeah, I agree.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1203.3"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:03}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, and I usually just use the word red teaming. guess it comes out of when software developers attack their own software to try to find vulnerabilities.\
It also refers to war games where the opposition is always called the red team, I guess. So I don't know about Steelman.\
Steelman is also used, I believe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1223.7"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:23}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Tripp Borstel
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Oh, it's the opposite. So it's designed to, like, strengthen the arguments. Steelman is strengthening. And find all the weaknesses.\
It's sort like, okay, help me, you know, revise my point of view and then strengthen it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1235.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:35}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Gotcha. Awesome. Someone else want to contribute a perspective. These are all really valuable to hear, by the way, that what you found challenging and the opportunities as well.\
Yes, Joshua.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1252.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @20:52}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Joshua Agarwal
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, just really quick, mean, to that point that Tripp brought up. Yeah, like, I've tried. I've tried. Really trying to get Claude to think about, you know, what it's doing good and what it's doing bad and try to rip it apart and try to find all the vulnerabilities and things like that.\
And it's, at least with the tool that I'm building for work, it's more of a software tool and it's quite heavy, 30,000 or 40,000 lines of code.\
So it's doing a good job, but it's still missing a lot of things. And so I have to go in manually and change that stuff.\
But there's, you know, there's, I'm just, I just started using 4.7 now. And so I'm just realizing that, you know, like it's the worst it's ever going to be.\
It's going to continue to get better in terms of its own meta ability to find vulnerabilities and find problems.\
And so right now I may have to go in the backend and fix little issues and ask it, hey, why are you double counting this or doing this?\
And then it gets it, but in six months, it's going to be very different. So it's, it's optimistic in some sense.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=1314.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @21:54}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, I totally agree with that. You know, I think, I think you all in a sense have been. Through a fortunate time in this program, and I say that ironically and not so ironically, because it's good that you probably got to witness some of the degradation from the early, because when you first came in, 4.6 was rocking, and now you saw 4.7 drop, and then, you know, people start to comment on it and stuff, and I would say that that puts you in a group of, like, super pro people, because it's, like, the most advanced users that critique models.\
You know, it's literally, people on my X that have been, you know, intensively using models since, like, 3 or 3.5 GPT, and they have the chops to say, like, this is such a disappointment, and blah, blah, blah, and so I think having been through some kind of retrograde of models is a good experience to have.\
It teaches you to be skeptical, it also frames the kind of, like, evolution of models as, it's going to continue to progress, I agree with you, Joshua, but there's, that doesn't mean there's not going to be.\
Like some stumbles or some rocky parts in the road. This isn't the first one. I remember one of the ChatGPT models that was really heralded.\
It might have been five, the original five, if I remember correctly, where it was supposed to be like AGI and it's fantastic and the whole thing.\
And when it dropped, everybody was like, what's wrong with this model? It's terrible. And, you know, so I think this is going to be, these kinds of setbacks are going to be common in the future.\
And it's just, you know, you all kind of experienced it firsthand, in a sense, during this program. Because early 4.6, you could have told it, you know, do something, give you a great plan before it did anything.\
Always had the to-dos written out and would write them off as it went along. Like it was completely structured and organized.\
It was like having this completely organized and structured assistant versus the one that's a little bit more kind of scattered.\
I am hearing, though, by the way, that 4.7 is good at coding. So if like you're, if you're a technical person and a developer, apparently it's working quite well for that use case.\
So I think this is anthropic kind of. So figuring out, okay, what did they do with that and how do they adjust the model?\
But I do want to say also that I believe that they were surprised by how many heavy users heavily used early 4.6.\
I think it was so good that people like us were like, we're just going to do everything on 4.6.\
And we just started generating so many token calls that I think they got surprised. I think they were just basically like, we, these, these people aren't paying us enough to how much, to have this much token volume coming through.\
And I, my guess is that after that surprise, they're still kind of like figuring out what they want to do and how they want to do it.\
But that, that was the thing that really, really kind of like changed when they dropped early 4.6. So now what I'm to do is switch gears a little bit because it, and it relates to the discussion that we've been having.\
I want to, and I know that this is a simulated consulting environment. And and some of you are not consultants, but I want to, I wanted this final week really kind of.\
Like drive home the consulting aspect of it, because I think it, it will teach us something whether, whether we're consultants or not.\
Okay. And so what I want to suggest is that, and by the way, I'll have slides that I will put up, that Ben will put up, but I wanted to verbally discuss this more than anything else.\
I want to put in a little bit more kind of like finality to this week's deliverable. And by finality, I mean that, that there's a kind of like Q8 completeness to it as much as is possible.\
Okay. So we've been building, you know, a proposal and then we did the data analysis and then we built some deliverables, including the app.\
And the app didn't have finality because at the end of the day, it wasn't a suggestion that you would build an app that you would commercialize in one week.\
But I want to do something, get to something that does have a good degree of finality in it this week, and that is disclosure.\
sure. Oh, Oh, So what I want to propose for this week is not just that we produce disclosure deliverables, because at the end of the day, we know we can do that, right?\
And I ask CloudCo to basically look at stuff and do a disclosure document. I did that during the workshop, for you all who attended.\
It was a TCFD kind of like investor disclosure for the fund, and it was able to do that in five minutes.\
I just did it this past week, by the way, again. And it was one of the six things that are produced under something like 15 minutes.\
So we all know that CloudCo or the models are capable of doing disclosure. But I want to take it a step further.\
I want to say that as a consulting firm, we're going to go in the business of producing disclosures for people, and on a repeatable basis, and to charge for that, okay?\
And so the question is, can we, on a repeatable basis, produce a process? That creates disclosures that are good enough to charge for and not charge by the hour.\
So what happens when we charge by the hour? It's like we're going to produce a disclosure for you and we'll have, you know, pretty much like how long it's going to take us, we'll charge you for that many hours.\
But if instead we're going to charge for the engagement, we need to produce like a pretty good deliverable from the AI process that we set up, right?\
Right. So this is not quite an app and it's not quite what we were doing the first few weeks of initiatives.\
What this is, is setting up a repeatable process that we're confident in and that we plan to productize. Like we plan to charge X amount for this and have a reasonable degree of certainty that we can do it in X amount of time.\
And so how do we get there? How would we possibly get to the point where we're doing that with TCFD disclosure, CSRD disclosure?\
And so as you. So about disclosure, you can think about the different pieces being there's a regulatory piece, which is kind of like keeping up to date on anything that's changed with disclosure, which can be relatively time consuming, especially for something like CSRD, which is still kind of like an evolution and is not voluntary, obviously.\
And many U.S. companies are going to be subject to CSRD if they're not already because they're in the supply chain of a European company or they meet like any number of criteria that kind of screen them in.\
So CSRD is like a really good kind of test case and it's also double materiality, which is very interesting, but disclosure in general and even voluntary disclosure is changing all the time.\
We've got ISSB and so, you know, what, how could we produce different flavors of disclosure and that involves understanding the process of disclosure.\
So is it like a give us the data and we'll go away kind of process or do we actually have to talk to the people and ask them, for instance, you know, what about strategy?\
Strategy and management and board involvement and things like that. Like, how are we going to find out all of those different things that might be a part of the disclosure?\
How are we going to find out about their rigor in, for instance, setting climate targets? Is it SBTI or something else that was used?\
And so there's this kind of like a process that's involved in disclosure that normally people might be called in to run.\
And so what I'm basically suggesting is if you were called in to run it and you knew that you were basically going to use AI as much as possible in that process, the forcing function here isn't to say that.\
The forcing function that I'm asking you all to consider, even if you're not consultants, just stay in the role, stay immersed in the role.\
The forcing function is how much would you charge for it? That's what makes it real. OK, because if you're going to charge X for it, it's got to be good enough for X.\
. . . . And it's got to take enough time to give you a margin for you to charge X, right?\
So these forcing functions are what kind of like make you shape the way you do the process. And so I'm going to suggest that that involves decomposing the process and really understanding it and all the data that's going to be needed and everything, understanding that piece.\
And then it also involves understanding all of the different tasks that might be involved. And because you want this to be a repeatable process, you're going to have to create a reference file for each task.\
And so that every time you run the thing, it's going to look at the reference files. It's going to look at the data that you need.\
It's going to look at the process. And that's what's going to help you make it repeatable over time. So when I ran, when I run the Cloud Code and Climate Workshop and the Climate Risk Workshop, it is, I'm not cheating.\
I have reference files for everything that gets produced. Okay. And everything is produced. I de novo, so it's not like I had it pre-produced, it was Claude doing it like in the moment, but I had reference files that say, here's how you do this, here's how you do this, here's how you do this, and they're in the environment, which is called Apex Partners, a mini environment that I used to produce the demo.\
So that gives you a sense of like how you can do things repeatedly using reference files, so we've been talking about reference files, but this week it's real, because you want to set up these reference files in a way that make this a repeatable product, and give you confidence that it's repeatable, and how long it would take and how much quality you would need to produce it.\
So disclosure, again, like I mentioned, the different pieces of it, which are basically like, you know, you need to understand your regulatory updates, you need to understand if you have the right data, and if you don't have the data, how do you get it, and how does AI help you get it, right?\
So that could be part of it. Let's say you have to go interview someone, or have them do a questionnaire.\
AI can help you interview someone. AI can help you do the questionnaire. And so you're basically employing the tools as much as you possibly can and thinking about how you run the whole process on the tools.\
And then, again, this forcing function, could you charge a price that makes it super attractive to do this on a consistent basis?\
So I want to stop there. And again, we're going to have slides on this that I'll put up, but I wanted to make this more interactive and see if people had questions before we got embarked this week.\
And if you've never done disclosure before, by the way, that's okay. Not everyone here is, like, from that arm of sustainability or climate or associated fields.\
And so, but that's okay, because the place to start would be, I'm going to set up a consulting practice on disclosure.\
How would I go about understanding this process so that I can decompose it to see how AI might help in the process?\
And then based on everything that you've done in the last four or five weeks, you steer that conversation to an understanding of it.\
So, again, this would be a situation in which you're a little bit about outside of your domain expertise. But given everything we've done up to now, you should be kind of well within the pieces of it, because we've been building up to actually doing disclosure.\
It's doing the carbon inventory. It's producing data that needs to be tracked. It's understanding, like, where all this data is coming from and how rigorously it was produced.\
All of those could be components of disclosure that you are going to be doing in the past. So even if you've never done it before, you have done pieces of it up to now.\
So thoughts or questions as we dive into this?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2012.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @33:32}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
How granular are these reference files when you're talking about a disclosure, right? Do you have really specific tasks? Can it be more general?\
Do you give it examples of what does a TCFD report look like? Maybe you could just sort of explain a little bit about setting up that environment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2030.86"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @33:50}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, I mean, I think there's a balance between two. So what I call the over-specification problem. The over-specification problem is akin to micromanaging.\
When you micromanage someone, you don't give them as much latitude to think. And so I tend to hesitate before I over-specify.\
So most of my reference markdown files are one to three pages long at the most. I would say a lot of them are kind of like one to two pages.\
The longer ones, it's because they're referring to Python code that might exist, that needs to be run, or there's like building the albuel model is a good example.\
It's got to look for things in different places. It's got to construct them all in different ways. And so I don't want them to be too long because it'll just follow the letter of the law and won't have any kind of like space to do its own inference.\
I always think that's dangerous because it might lead to hallucination. Because if it's telling you exactly what you want said to do and it doesn't know quite how to do it.\
There's also a little bit more chance that it'll hallucinate. Yeah. So, Eli, all I can say is basically like there's a spectrum.\
On the one end of the spectrum is so little information that you may get too much variability each time it happens.\
And that variability becomes unacceptable. On the other end of the spectrum is so much information that it's rigid and that rigidity starts to take away from its ability to have inference and also adapt to whatever it's facing.\
And an easy model out for an LLM model because it's trying to please is to say, well, implicitly, it doesn't actually say this explicitly, but I've read between the lines.\
It's like, I would have known not to do that, but you told me to do it. Right. Which is exactly what an intern will say to you or like a young associate, you know.\
It's like, well, I did exactly what you asked. And you're like, well, you know, you should have known better.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2158.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @35:58}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
And do you write? These reference files manually, or do you give Claude some parameters and have it generate a file?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2164.79"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:04}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
I have never written a reference file manual.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2168.67"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:08}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2169.37"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:09}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Never. Okay. It's always a process of iteration where, and I don't, sometimes I don't even read them. I'll just look at the output.\
Yeah. I judge the reference files by the output. It produces great output and it keeps doing it. I'm like, whatever's in there, it probably works very well.\
Okay. Some of you might say, that sounds a dangerous, Diego. It's like you're, you know, driving the bike with no hands.\
And I agree to a certain extent, but I think it's hard to understand the combination of reference and inference.\
It's just hard for us to grasp as humans, like how, what that surface area is and how it's going to behave.\
And so I prefer to default to the output. What I ask myself is, do I like this output? Is it producing the right output?\
And if that's the case, and then I can also ask it to QA the reference. Is there anything in the reference file that would lead to incorrect output?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2224.21"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @37:04}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2225.23"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @37:05}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
So those are instruments that I use as well. So how did we learn to do this? And the answer is basically iteration and critical thinking and common sense.\
Like we just basically are always kind of like trying to go really fast when we do things. And at the same time, always be on the lookout for things that will knock us down.\
That's why we're so quick to spot like problems with clock. It's like, oh, I just wasn't doing this before and these kinds of things.\
So and I think that's true of many native people. They're so quick to spot the problems with models that you get this enormous blowback every time one of them drops because you've got like a bunch of nitpicky people.\
And so that kind of like describes that critical thinking part, which is like what could go wrong, what is going wrong, like that kind of thing.\
Does that make sense, Eli?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2276.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @37:56}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
It does. Thank you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2280.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @38:00}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Dylan Mayer
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
I'm just curious what you're thinking about for like, for what we're looking to build out on Friday. Like, are we trying to use Claude to create like a statement of work with like pricings for different disclosures?\
I think this is really particularly interesting for me, because in my role, I'm responsible for a lot of disclosures.\
I write our TCFD report, I'm in the middle of writing our annual ESG report. So I'm getting emails literally every week, saying, and this is Trip, close your ears for a second.\
But saying like, don't use EY or PWC or the big four, like we'll do this for half the price in like two to three weeks instead of four months.\
I largely ignore all of those emails. But I am really curious to try to build out a pricing model because I am just getting constantly bombarded with these AI sustainability companies that are trying to get our business to do our disclosures and our reporting.\
So I think one of my My real question from all of that is just like, what are you really envisioning for a deliverable?\
And if the answer is, hey, use cloud code and everyone's is going to be different, that's totally fine.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2348.77"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @39:08}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
I was just curious if you had a vision. Yeah, I mean, the most important thing is to create a repeatable process for disclosure that is adaptable.\
Like a repeatable process is no good if it breaks every time you use it, right? So it's got to be somewhat adaptable to the situation.\
At the one extreme, it'll take however long it takes right now, right? At the other extreme, it's like an automation and you push a button and it just happens.\
Like we all know that's not going to work, right? What's in the middle? What does it look like? How long does it take?\
How many human hours is it likely to take? I don't, it's awesome if you produce a statement of work.\
didn't like plan on taking it that far, but as many things, you guys are beating our expectations. So go ahead and do that if you want to do a stretch.\
But basically more of the idea is to think about some kind of formula where it's like, if I had to do this, like this.\
Way. And it had to be good enough. How long realistically would it take me and how would I price it?\
And it's just meant to be a forcing function. meant you to be really realistic in the real world. It's not a neat tool.\
It's not like a cool thing that you all know that no one else knows. It's actually something that's going to produce work.\
So let's get serious. How much time is it really going to take to use these models? And how good is the product going to be?\
And you're going to reflect that in one metric. And that is pricing. And I don't want to say that you have to price it low.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2436.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @40:36}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 martin
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Like, okay, no margin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2437.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @40:37}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
You can price it against, you know, where you think the market might be if it took like X number of hours.\
And you can price it a little bit below that or like whatever, but just like have some understanding of what the changing costs might be like because you're using AI.\
That's like a last deliverable out of this program because you carry that away. Then you really understand, you know.\
What's going to happen in the future? Because this is what the future is going to look like, in my opinion, is that all work is going to get reorganized and in a sense kind of repriced, whether it's internal or external, people doing it.\
And that is the future that we're heading towards. So this exercise is kind of like to prepare you for the future.\
Other questions or thoughts? Dylan, does that answer your question? Still, you can do the statement of work, please.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2488.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @41:28}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Dylan Mayer
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
No, no, no, no. That was really helpful. I'll probably do mine for like a very specific disclosure that I'm working on.\
Like our two years is almost up for TCFD. So I'll probably just specifically focus on that just because it'll help me kind of better understand and work through the process.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2504.58"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @41:44}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, and you all can decide if you want to make this a multi-standard disclosure practice, we'll help you with any kind of disclosure, right?\
And it doesn't really matter because we have this AI capability. Like that would be one way. Way to go, right?\
CSRD, TCFD, ISSB, like, whatever, multi-jurisdictional, there's Colombia, there's Mexico, you know, how do we get subsidiaries, can we help them out?\
Do as much as you want. But this is, but the main thing is to make it real. are there questions or thoughts around this?\
And you can push back. can say, Taylor, that's not, it's not going to work. Like, we're not going to do disclosure this way.\
If you think that's, that's the case, we can discuss that or find it out. Thoughts or questions? Mark?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2563.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @42:43}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 martin
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
I'm sorry. I just sort of bring up what I've brought in the chat. Given that there's going to be a lot of variability in the quality of the initial data and the extent of it, it feels to me like you have to kind of have some variability there, right?\
Over some, under some, over some threshold of Of data, yeah, sure, you get the fixed price, but you have to have add-ons, because if it turns out you're going to have to go and go knocking on a lot of doors inside an organization to get the data you need, it's going to take longer.\
Is that a reasonable caveat?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2594.41"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @43:14}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yes. So this is the reality of AI is that we don't, we sort of, when we reorganize processes, we don't make the requirements of the process go away.\
And that's what's so dangerous about automations, is that oftentimes they attempt, in the spirit of taking humans completely out of the process, basically they don't deliver, right?\
And so here we want to work backwards from delivering. You are delivering the product. The product is an acceptable disclosure.\
And if you all come in on Friday and go like, you know what, Diego? It's not possible. It's going to get priced exactly the way it gets priced today.\
AI is just not helpful in this task. We would have learned something extremely valuable. I don't think that's the case, but you know.\
Please go at it. If instead it's something like humans were needed here, here, and here, unavoidably, and AI was able to help this much in those places, then we learned something very valuable about workflow redesign, right?\
So, again, some of you don't have the, like, firsthand knowledge of doing these things, so you may have to rely a little bit on getting Claude to do that decomposition.\
And I think this is what BCG McKenzie and, you know, all the big consulting firms are talking about all the time, is that workflow redesign is an inherent aspect of AI adoption.\
And so that's really what we're talking about here. If we had to take the disclosure process and introduce AI wherever we could, wherever it could be helpful, what would that process look like?\
How long would it take? And what quality would come out of it? That's the question. Does that help, Martin?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2697.48"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @44:57}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 martin
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2698.38"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @44:58}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
So we don't want to make a, we don't, it's. Dangerous to make assumptions. Work should go away. No, there's no should.\
There's like what's possible and what works and what will produce a really good product at a really low price at the end of the day.\
Other thoughts or questions? I'd love to hear from some of you that have done, Joseph mentioned he was on the list, but, or it was Dylan, I can't remember which one of you, that have actually done these disclosures before, but if anyone has a thought as you go into it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2740.25"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @45:40}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 martin
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Especially handy for those of us who haven't done it, to hear from people who have.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2744.09"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @45:44}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, exactly. Come on, Disclosure Pros. What do you think? Yes, Joseph.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2757.53"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @45:57}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
So, I would love to hear if other people have a different... Opinion on this than me. I didn't write disclosures.\
I had to review disclosures in a previous role where I was very much policy and regulatory side of things, not actually producing, not the consulting side.\
And I feel reassured by this because I was always looking for a template of how I want these things to look.\
And I did not find that. I mean, there's like TNFT, you know, they have Leap SBTN has their, what is it?\
It's like five step program. I don't even think you can, as of a year ago, like you still couldn't do the last step or something like that.\
But they all looked pretty different. So I guess that's where I feel reassured that like, if it has my own flavor to it, it's not going to necessarily be wrong.\
And again, if you're just looking at TNFT, like Leap makes it. It's easy. Like TNFT, SVTN gets a lot stricter, I think, than TNFT.\
But if you're intimidated by this, starting with TNFT and the LEAP framework is going to be easy. And please, if someone disagrees with me, I would love to hear it.\
But like, I never saw like, this is the right way to do it. Like, I don't even think, and of course, I was doing TNFT, not TCFD.\
So it's like even more kind of, quote unquote, cutting edge. Like, I don't think that the market is mature.\
Enough that it is super standardized. So that makes me feel like I'm not screwed if I do it wrong, I guess.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2858.57"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:38}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, I think it's a great point. Like, I guess perceptions of the latitude of disclosure standards are themselves somewhat malleable.\
But they may be, they may be, have more or less latitude depending on people's perceptions. Ashlyn, you had your hand up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=2878.93"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @47:58}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 ashlynanderson
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, was going to kind of. I some of the things Joseph said. don't think I've ever done a disclosure project that's followed the same exact workflow.\
And prior to my current role, I was working at one of the many climate risk startups. And there was this effort at a time on the platform itself, like generate a TCFD report based on all the analytics in this platform.\
And it just kind of fell flat because it was too, yeah, it was too like, I don't know, template, template-y, guess, where you were losing the real insights that come through.\
And I think in disclosure engagements that I've done, the most valuable parts are when you're engaging with stakeholders, whether that's conducting interviews or bringing, you know, different stakeholders together for a workshop.\
So I'm kind I'm of thinking for this, that there, I think what Martin was saying, there's like tiers of how you can approach this.\
And then how could you deploy AI to like support those processes even more? And one of the things I'm doing in my current role is like a simulated tabletop exercise of like multi-hazard, multi-region climate scenario, summer 2030, where we're going to bring people together throughout the company to like play out this particular exercise.\
And I think I haven't done something like that yet, but it takes the scenario analysis piece of this to like a whole different level.\
And AI has been really useful in like building out those scenarios and like making sure you're making it as realistic as possible and like drawing on all the internal data that you can.\
Can in terms of hazards, you know, adaptations and, and, and that. So that's kind of what's coming to mind for me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=3006.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @50:06}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah, I mean, that's where the collage, and I think, I think this gets back also to the reference file question, which is basically, again, like having enough latitude in there to actually reflect the nature of the thing that's being asked.\
Because if there, there's, and this happens to sustainability work, period, if there's, the rigor of the process exceeds the kind of inherent rigor of the underlying task, as Ashton says, it falls flat, right?\
You get this kind of templated thing that nobody believes, and you put it in a drawer, and, you know, it doesn't, it doesn't do any good.\
And this is actually true of like, you know, general consulting, like the criticism of general consulting is they put the same template on everything, and like whether it's so relevant to you or not.\
And it, it just makes people sad or mad when the consultants do that. So thank you, Ashton. Trip, you have a good point.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=3058.78"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @50:58}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Tripp Borstel
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
I know we're coming in time, so I'll make it. Quick, but from a consultant's perspective, what I'm interested in is like, is there the processes from like a foundation level in there?\
Because there is so much that takes existing data, even existing templates that are in there that you can build as a nice starting point.\
But I think there are two pieces that are much harder to be able to do. One is the climate scenario analysis, like you could maybe do the exposure of the types of physical risks and transition risks, but like getting to mitigation measures, if that's something that a client would want to disclose, is much more difficult.\
So, partially because you start to talk about potentially, especially if you're attaching dollar amounts to it, financial materiality, and that becomes really sticky territory, the larger the organization and the more disclosures that they're expected to have.\
And I think the other piece we're saying stakeholder input is needed is, I think, in thinking about, like, what's the overall narrative that they want to tell, especially if they want to tie their core business strategy to the TCFD report.\
That's not applicable to all companies, but those who haven't, like, automotive companies, there is an expectation that they talk about their strategy, right, in their industries that are similar to that.\
But finance is another one where there is the expectation that they will make disclosures around that, because investors are definitely looking for it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=3151.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @52:31}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
But that foundation piece, I'm really interested in the role that AI and cloud code can play. Yeah, I mean, I would say, Tripp, that, again, like, we're hitting a little bit of a moving target with a model performance right now.\
But certainly, like, four weeks ago, I would have said that AI could be really good at those ambiguities that you were referring to.\
And the higher level kind of like strategic and risk assessment stuff, it's actually quite, quite good at, you know, whether a company wants to disclose something is a new.\
Nuance that it would have taken into account. With 4.7, we'll find out, right? But like four weeks ago, I would have said those nuances are what it's especially good at.\
Like if you say we have these constraints, like, oh, this is very sensitive. They may not want that in the disclosure document.\
And that's in the reference document. I feel like it might have been able to take that into account and do a good job.\
But again, if it's in the reference document this time around, let's see. You know, like that might be an interesting thing to put into a reference document.\
Think about what disclosure is very sensitive. And where there's latitude, the company's not going, you know, sensitive plus latitude equals silence.\
Right? Like generally speaking. And so does the model know that innately? Does it get told that in a reference file?\
These are kind of like interesting questions to think about. Is that, does that sound right to you? What do you think?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=3231.65"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @53:51}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 Tripp Borstel
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Look forward to seeing what it produces.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/644143497?timestamp=3233.71"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @53:53}} - 
\f0\b \strokec2 diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. That's what we're here to do. We're here to test and explore and see. So I.\
I think that's pretty much it. I have a set of slides that we'll put up regarding this. Let me just check the last comment.\
Oh, gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. And sometimes internal documents might be a little bit different. Do assume that there's going to be some kind of enterprise license where, you know, data sensitivity is not such a big issue.\
I think because if we go into that, then it's a real whitewater kind of like navigate. So let's assume that there's some kind of enterprise license that the firm is, is kind of like comfortable being used in terms of their, uh, exposure to the LLMs.\
Um, so as a consulting firm, we're, we're running at that level internal. Let's just kind of like assume that whatever data is given to us, it's going to get like protected at the highest level.\
Um, so awesome. Come on Wednesday with questions, uh, and, uh, and it's going to be really interesting to see on Friday.\
And just remember the spirit of this isn't essentially that, um, um, but hopefully this is a, basically like a takeaway, like.\
This is actually going to be a repeatable process that it can be used to do disclosure, and you're going to take this away after your demo on Friday.\
So we'll see you then. Thanks, everybody. Thanks a lot.\
}