{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red66\green1\blue120;\red0\green0\blue233;
\red135\green135\blue135;\red66\green1\blue120;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c33333\c10196\c54510;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;\cssrgb\c33333\c10196\c54510;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid103\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Impromptu Zoom Meeting - April 13\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 VIEW RECORDING - 58 mins (No highlights)
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=4.57"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @0:04}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Okay, let's go ahead and get started. Hope everyone had a great weekend. I think, you know, Friday, we saw some of the initiative works that you all had done.\
And it did have, you know, it was informed by a good amount of the financial analysis and estimates, which I thought was really interesting to see.\
And so, and hopefully, excuse me, that adds another dimension to this use of cloud code for you, which is basically that it can do things that you're maybe not as familiar with doing and incorporate those.\
And that puts you up a few levels in the management hierarchy, in terms of how distant you are from what's actually going on.\
And I do think it does, it maps onto management, you know, you walk around as a manager, like, do you.\
They know what's happening. Of course, on my team, I do because we're small, but I didn't actually walk around because we're all remote.\
But anyway, I digress. The more levels between different layers, the less likely it is that you're going to know exactly what someone's doing in their task.\
Excuse me. Elon Musk is famous for kind of like walking around that factory floor and basically walking up to people and going like, what problem are you trying to solve like right now and diving in and helping them to solve it.\
But that I think is kind of a rare approach. So if you could picture yourself as being the partner in a consulting firm where there is a financial, there are a couple of financial analysts rattling around, and they're working with your climate people to do the analysis that you demoed on Friday.\
Like that's a possible scenario, right? Except in this case, it's cloud code that essentially is kind of filling in that role for the financial analyst.\
So what I want to kind of introduce is the notion that that extrapolates to practically anything. You can have a building retrofit expert on the team trying to figure out how feasible it would be to retrofit a building with, say, a heat pump.\
You can have that expert basically know about all the different vendors and the different costs and their advantages and disadvantages.\
That person could basically understand the difference between upfront costs and tail costs in terms of those vendors, the difference in installability, the ability to get spare parts for that heat pump.\
I mean, it just never stops, right? It extends and extends and extends in any direction that you want it to extend.\
And what it does is it challenges us always to kind of be, okay, but do I believe this? What do I think about this, given that I don't know so much about it?\
And I just want to introduce the notion that that Basically, as a manager, that's what happens. All right. You're in the same situation.\
You're like, how much do I really know about this? Can I really assess how the quality of the work that's being done here?\
Who would I loop in to ascertain that? How would they ascertain that? You know, these are all questions that you might be asking yourself.\
In a consulting firm setting, this is particularly important. Because, you know, as oftentimes happens, like a managing director partner will come and look at a deck right before, they're going to present to a client.\
And these questions are kind of like going through their minds. I'm like, what do I, you know, kind of show this to the client?\
What do I need to be thinking about right now? Right? So I think that cloud code, in a sense, is nothing new from that perspective.\
There may be some new ways it can screw up versus the way people can screw up. But certainly we all know that people are fallible, right?\
What it's not is software. It's not software. Like software to a certain degree. We fixed the bugs. The engineers are in charge of that.\
It's supposed to work. It works a certain way. It does a certain thing, and we can count on it to do that thing 100% of the time.\
But we don't work that way with people, and we don't work that way with AI, right? So it's this kind of, like, funny in-between zone that really forces us to kind of, like, think about who we're interacting with, who, like, what we're interacting with, and how do we need to be interacting with them, and what burden does that put on us as talented humans in that interaction?\
And who can we call upon to help us at any moment in time during that interaction of the penelope of different things that that AI can do?\
Like, this is, this is the new workflow, okay? So you're, you, I think, last week was a little bit about you being, you getting exposed to that in that.\
That of combining two things that maybe are not normally combined, and especially not in such a short amount of time, and especially not with such disparate data, cutting across eight, nine different portfolio companies, and just think about the work that would entail to try to run those analyses, like that I saw personally on Friday that you all demoed.\
It would take such a long time, and the painstaking quality assurance that it would take on that work. All those Excel models which are built, who's in charge of making sure that they got built right?\
How do you make sure that an Excel model gets built right? Like, I don't know if you all have ever been in that business, but it's like, it's a pain, right?\
So there were these kind of curious parallels between the normal work that we do today and then this new world.\
And I think one of the main things that comes out of it for me is, A, we have to up our game cognitively.\
There's just not going to be a moment to... In a sense, say, oh, you've got this. And B, remember, always remember, this is not software.\
And if software is the paradigm, things are bound to go wrong or get curtailed, right? I don't want to do this because it won't do the same thing every single time perfectly.\
Therefore, I'm not going to adopt this. Okay, fine, they're not going to adopt AI, right? Oh, no, I'm going to beat it so that it works like software as much as I possibly can.\
That's 2025 AI adoption incorporation. And it's like, nope, that's not going to work. That's not AI. That's something different than AI.\
You stick it in an automation where it does a yes-no answer in a sequence of tasks. That's not AI.\
That's something else, right? So now in 2026, we're standing at the threshold of this new world where people are starting to discover that it's not software.\
They are starting to discover that you can have open-ended collaboration with it and that it can be incredibly powerful.\
So I think some of what we discussed on Friday with regards to the gap between what you're seeing and experiencing and building here and what you might be seeing in your company, I think that's what's responsible for the gap.\
The vast majority of people, 99.5% of professionals, have never pushed an LLM as hard as they possibly can to do something for them.\
And until they do that, it's just going to be hard for them to understand. Dylan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=464.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @7:44}} - 
\f0\b Dylan Mayer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. I really like that statement of it's not software. So I would just love your perspective on do you think AI is the best amplification for existing software in human history?\
Or do you think because it's not software? It's a replacement of current software, like, is it, is it a tool that's going to take our, our software to places we've never seen before in like the SaaS industry, or is it so all encompassing that it's a replacement?\
Like, and I understand that's just purely your opinion, but I'm curious.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=496.141"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @8:16}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, this is such an important question and it is purely my opinion. Like I don't have a crystal ball, but I, I believe that the SaaS AI adoption model is going to fail.\
I don't mean that it's not going to work as well as it could. I mean, it's just going to fail.\
It's just not worth it. I don't, I don't, think the upside is enough. And it's so confusing as to who's supposed to do the QA and how that's going to work and everything else that I think it's just like a, it's, it's a, it's just a different thing entirely.\
I believe that, um, relatively unconstrained collaboration with AI as models get smarter and smarter is going to be the future.\
And anyone who's not having relatively unconstrained collaboration with AI is at risk of losing their job. I mean, that's as starkly as, I'm sorry to put it so starkly, but that's what it is.\
You're either driving the bus cognitively and pushing it as hard as you can, or it's going to replace whatever you're doing.\
And you all can push, at least push back, because it's just my opinion. Go ahead, Dan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=560.27"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @9:20}} - 
\f0\b Dylan Mayer
\f1\b0 \
No, I really appreciate that. And I was just going to say, I read a report this weekend, like, obviously, the job market's tough, and someone did, like, a deep dive analysis.\
And they're saying, like, for the first time ever, like, job postings are saying that, like, it's requiring AI experience, instead of even just, like, a general knowledge of it.\
It's saying, it's requiring, like, do you have experience building models with cloud code, for example?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=582.07"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @9:42}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Like, so it's these types of skills that I think we're really starting to see a real world impact. And it's also great to see, because this cohort is kind of getting a head start on that.\
Yeah, absolutely. And I would say also, I wrote this piece on LinkedIn, which you might have seen, but it basically says, like, one key signal as to whether you're ready to adopt AI is you've actually, it's throttled your...\
Your use down, you know, if you've reached a rate limit and you've gotten that notice, like don't use it until three o'clock on, you know, Friday, May 4th, that means you're getting there and it's frustrating and everything, but like, if you haven't done that, chances are you're just not there.\
You're not anywhere close to being where ultimately you're going to need to be. So it's like the clearest signal that I could possibly think of.\
So hopefully all of you have been rate limited, you know, if you haven't, try harder. And Kambate, as they say in Japan.\
So this is a prelude to what we're going to discuss today, which is the app. But before I jump into, so I'm trying to give you like a sense of like the arc of this program, because I always like doing that, you know, especially Mondays when we come in.\
The arc of this program is that you have been there. You have produced like incredible stuff. Like Ben and Yvonne and I, we watched these demos and we're just kind of like, what?\
You know, like we, this is the first time we've had this climate program and it's just been surprising. Marcin, it's like, you know, week, what was it, like, maybe it was week one when someone actually made an app, like an HTML app, I can't remember, I think it might have been Tripp, one of the first ones that I saw, it might have been week one, and it was like, we did not expect people to be making interactive, you know, things in week one, so we've been, you know, somewhat surprised by the speed of your progress, and so that's all really cool, but then it starts getting into, okay, but how am I supposed to do this actually, at work, and we discussed that a little bit on Friday, so it's a natural conversation that, you know, you flow into that, and we start thinking about, like, how do you make it so that you can safely demo to people, and how can you bite off, like, little tasks that you're allowed to accomplish, and, and those are real demos as opposed to simulated demos, and the fact that basically, there's just no way that this is going to happen if people like you don't, don't pull the wagon, and, and...\
And that's just the way it is, you know, because it can't come from on high because the CEO has not been rate limited on CloudCo.\
The CFO has not been rate limited. The COO has not been rate limited. The head of strategy has not been rate limited.\
The head of AI may not ever have been rate limited. Okay. And if you all have, then that's just that imbalance is going to be around for a long time to come.\
And so do your best to basically show, okay, this is what happens when you have relatively unconstrained collaboration. I can show you.\
And, um, I didn't use cloud. Someone made a Excel spreadsheet on Friday. I didn't use cloud code and cloud in Excel.\
I use cloud to make an Excel. That's a huge leap, right? It's a huge leap. And it was a really, it was a, I thought it was a really cool spreadsheet.\
It looked good. It looked organized. You know, I'm kind of a spreadsheet connoisseur. So why on earth would you be playing around and cloud in Excel when you.\
can use cloud to make Excel, like, I just don't get that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=784.001"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @13:04}} - 
\f0\b Dylan Mayer
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, that was me and I didn't open Excel once to create that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=787.561"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @13:07}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Okay, there you go. Like the fact that you can create an Excel spreadsheet without ever opening Excel. Like that is essentially the future, right?\
So this model, though, that I'm discussing, this cloud code model is called a harness. So I'm going to talk about that today.\
So this week we're building an interactive dashboard, which is like an app to track progress, which is usually one of the hardest things in climate work, I believe.\
Like there's all these kinds of things going on. How do you encompass like how much progress there's been towards the goals?\
And especially if you're adding the financial element to it, you know, what's the cost that we've accumulated so far as we potentially track that?\
So I'm going to talk a little bit about this topic of cloud code, what it is, and then what an app is at a kind of like broader level, because I think it'll help us.\
Let's understand what we're trying to do this week and also how adoption is going to proceed going forward. Before I jump into that, any other questions that are kind of like remaining?\
What are you regarding what I'm saying? I'm sure you can air them out. Yes, Martin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=860.022"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @14:20}} - 
\f0\b martin
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I mean, and I apologize. I'd hop off to take a call from a nurse. But the distinction with software, I think, is interesting, and it's a two-edged sword, right?\
There are a lot of contexts where what you want is something that delivers the same result every time, given the same inputs, right?\
And, you know, quite well that, you know, Claude does not always do that, right? And so having that thoroughly diligence piece of software that is doing explicit calculations, great, 100% necessary.\
And I think SAS will always be involved in doing that, maybe using something like Claude to help generate it, right?\
And so I I think, I can't see a world in which that does not happen, right? Because you absolutely need that.\
I'm going to work at a bank, right? If we suddenly, like, oh, someone put the question to it a little differently, that's why we got a different answer.\
Or, you know, some, whatever other factor was created a different answer, that would be a disaster from a risk perspective.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=920.642"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:20}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, and Martin, I totally agree with you. And I think that there always will be a room for deterministic software.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=926.462"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:26}} - 
\f0\b martin
\f1\b0 \
And so the question then becomes, who writes that software? Is it, Claude? Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=930.802"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:30}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Or is it some human that wrote it, like, four months ago, and it hasn't changed since then? So that's where the wrinkle becomes.\
So, yes, we will need Python software. the question is, again, like, do we ask Claude to write it for us?\
Or is it an app somewhere? I think this is a little bit of what I want to talk about today as well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=950.482"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:50}} - 
\f0\b martin
\f1\b0 \
I think it's totally valid.\

\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 SCREEN SHARING: \cf0 \strokec2 Diego started screen sharing - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=958.676922"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=953.022"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @15:53}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
So, awesome. Well, let's dive into what I was going to discuss. So. So basically, as you all know, Cloud Code is not a chat bot.\
And people still sometimes refer to, like, the LLMs because you're in a chat window all the time as chat bots.\
It's a place to do work. And it's a workspace, right? And that automatically tells us something about that unconstrained nature to it.\
Well, if it's a workspace, I can do many things in it. Then it automatically is not like software. Because software, it tells me, like, I navigate down a tree to determine what I'm able to do or not.\
So it can call tools. So do these kind of, like, weird bash and grep and all the stuff that I don't even know what it means when it's talking to the computer.\
It can query databases like Supabase. can fetch APIs, spawn sub-agents. And so it's doing all of the stuff, like, with a small army, in a sense.\
All the stuff that we ask it to do. It has memory. And that memory can be contained in the reference files, CloudMD and the others, and in the complete file structure.\
So anything we put in the file structure immediately becomes possibly memory, right? And it has some autonomy. So we ask it to do things.\
And I don't know if you're ever, like, clicking on the little arrow so it drops down so you actually see what it's doing.\
But it's doing a lot. It's like making decisions on the fly. Should I do this? Oh, I tried. And actually, sometimes I'll watch it, and I'll go, like, and yes, I do have better things to do than watch CloudCode's internal, you know, world.\
But sometimes it'll be like, oh, tried that. Didn't work. Let me try something else. I don't know if you've ever, if y'all have ever seen that.\
And that means that it has, like, certain amount of autonomy to it, where it's making these decisions, right? It's like, how does that even happen?\
I kind of know. But it is a little surprising when it, kind of like. It creates these workflows. I have to say three weeks ago, four weeks ago, when Opus 4.6 was still scary smart, I was blown away by its ability to organize work.\
It was just like, okay, I just spawned up 19 agents to do X. I was like, what? Now it's dumbed down a little bit.\
Again, I think this is just a prelude to launching Mythos. It's just a way for them to raise prices, right?\
It's not like the model's stupid. It's just that they've throttled things down so that they can charge more for them.\
Okay, whatever we think about that, like, honestly, obviously it could be frustrating, but that's just the nature of how the pricing mechanism is working in AI right now.\
But it will show enormous, like, going forward as the models get smarter, it will show even more capabilities with autonomy.\
This is why I'm saying, like, either you're driving the bus or you're at risk, because the autonomy that it has to be able to accomplish.\
Those tasks will threaten people who are waiting to be told what to do. That is the main differentiator for me.\
If you're waiting to be told what to do in your workflows, you're at risk of being replaced. If you're actively being an agent saying, I want to do X using my judgment, the chances are that this could be helpful.\
So what is it that's doing all those things? The tool calling, the memory maintenance, the autonomous workflow organization, and it's basically what people are starting to call the harness.\
I've only become aware of this term in the last week and a half. I don't know whether it comes out of computer science or whatever, but this is what they're calling it.\
So I'm like, OK, I'll go with that. Seems like it seems like as good a term as any. They're calling the cloud code the harness and the LLM the model.\
So the harness organizes the work that the model is called upon to So it's got things like CloudMD, which is like this overarching set of instructions that could also point it in different directions.\
That's the thing that it must refer to every single time. It's kind of its guiding light. It's got these tools.\
It's got this autonomy. So it's a set of agents that Anthropic built that do these things. Can OpenAI build those agents?\
Absolutely, they will. Google will someday get something like this out there. Plus all the open source community. There's nothing stopping DeepSeq or Quinn or any one of those to also create their harnesses.\
I think within about six months, we're going to be swimming in harnesses. Okay. That's, you know, just based on like, it doesn't seem like an impossible thing for a team to be able to do.\
Even our own team. Like in the beginning, we were like, should we do our own version of CloudCode? Like we have an ambitious CTO.\
And I'm kind of glad we didn't, because Cloud's working really well. So, so, that's, that's. That's what you're using to get your work done.\
And so many people are saying, including me, I guess, that the harness right now is more important than the model.\
If you get the harness right, you can get an enormous amount of work done. So the harness is what I call workflow complete.\
That means it closes a loop. It gets data in. It reasons over it using the model. And then it gets files out that you need to actually complete your work.\
And the workflow completeness is one of the best things about it. That's how you all are able to demo every Friday.\
Right? So before cloud code, you did not have workflow completeness. Post cloud code, you did have workflow completeness. That's why I think it was like one of the major things that happened in AI in the past five years.\
So basically, you use it to query Supabase, to find data gaps in week two, to basically do a carbon inventory in week three, to look at the materiality and risk and initiatives in week four.\
Or... So you've been using this this harness to do these things and and so right now I would say again if you look have a window inside of corporations the number of corporations where many people have cloud code licenses probably I would guess in the if they're not startups and it's not just a small group of people like developers I'm guessing in the low thousands or maybe hundreds okay.\
So this this has covered most of your heart of your climate work. In other words, you can do most climate work using the harness by yourself.\
Okay, big statement. You can do most climate work, you know, oh, but I need I need some kind of IoT device to tell me where the bees are or whatever, you know, what what Joseph was demoing.\
Okay, sure, fine. Like, I'm not saying you, you, you don't need any help from humans to do it. But like you can basically work.\
They'll complete most of this stuff, right? And I think, Joseph, in your case, like, people are actually out in the field, like, observing, right?\
Like, maybe AI will replace that at some point.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1390.56"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @23:10}} - 
\f0\b Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \
What do you think, Joseph? We've talked about camera traps and drones to eventually replace people. For the time being, I think most animals are more afraid of drones, and they're less accurate.\
But it is, the conversation has come up, though, that, like, are, at this point, in terms of a data pipeline, the biggest vulnerabilities and bottlenecks is the human component and not the technological side.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1421.59"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @23:41}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, so I'm going to, I'm going to raise a scary possibility, semi-scary, or maybe very scary. But basically, there's, like, little airport, you know, within 20 miles of the field that you want investigated, and you launch.\
Drone, Cloud Code launches a drone from that airport and pays some fee to rent it for a couple of hours and get some telemetry data and then that is used.\
Like, that's what I'm talking about with workflow completeness, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1456.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @24:16}} - 
\f0\b Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \
I would love that. Trying to contract beekeepers to use a new technology when beekeepers are notoriously old school people is like the most boring part of my job.\
So by all means.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1468.78"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @24:28}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. And I want to tell you that the blockchain people are busy working on these kind of autonomous transactions where you can, you know, 3,000 miles away, get something done for you.\
There's an enormous amount of VC money is pouring into the blockchain space to enable that. I'm still a little bit connected with that space.\
Enough to say that that's a big hope of theirs, basically, to make blockchain relevant to AI. Okay, so none of this requires an app, though.\
Here's the thing. You can sit there with your Cloud Code workflow complete. And command all of this stuff to get done and to make the deliverables, but that doesn't really require an app.\
And this is starting to get at Martin's question. Okay. But maybe sometimes we want to do the same thing every time.\
Right. And if, and if our interactions with cloud code are a little bit more open ended, what if we need to do the same thing every time?\
And not only that, but we need to share it with other people. Then what happens? There is a way, by the way, I think you can share a cloud code, code conversation within your team.\
If you have a team license and collaborate on it. Sure. But right away, you can start to see that laying down some code, some rails for the, for a workflow to be done the same thing way every time can be like a really useful thing to have.\
And so that's what I'm trying to delineate right now. In my opinion, in the future, there's going to be unconstrained collaboration with harnesses.\
And very smart models and the apps that either we make or someone else makes to codify workflows that emerge from those unconstrained collaborations so that they're done the same way every time.\
So an app becomes the sharing of a codified workflow that we don't want to change much with someone who needs that as opposed to using cloud code.\
Joseph.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1590.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @26:30}} - 
\f0\b Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \
Thanks. So I just want to make sure I understand that last statement really clearly, because one of the issues that I've gotten pushback on in applying like AI models to my work is that it's black box, which makes it kind of more difficult to audit where these results are coming from.\
So if I understand what you're saying correctly is if we the purpose of the app would be, like you said, to codify it, which would give it that consistency.\
Justin Cien auditability that would be required for, like, the, for good data hygiene?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1627.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @27:07}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yes, that's one possible use, use of the app. It's kind of like saying, if someone says, I'm not comfortable with AI doing this, I want an app to do it, what would be the next step of that conversation?\
Okay, I'll have AI make you an app.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1644.44"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @27:24}} - 
\f0\b Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \
Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1645.96"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @27:25}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Like, it's, it's kind of weird, right? It's, it's a little bit weird to even say that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1650.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @27:30}} - 
\f0\b Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \
But it gives, I mean, just looking at it from a data auditability perspective, it gives the, you, you have so much more control and oversight over what's happening if you have codified it to do it exactly that way.\
Even if, like, do you, do you find that there's a trade-off in, quote unquote, what you've referred to as, like, inventiveness when you try to, like, over codify?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1676.41"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @27:56}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, so this is, there's trade-offs, right? There's trade-offs. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I be back. I might think, wow, but Sarah's so smart.\
Like, she could figure so many things out if I give her a little bit more latitude to work within.\
That's a different looking app than someone who's like, I don't care about anything. I just want to be able to do this.\
Let me get it done. That's a different app.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1696.4"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @28:16}} - 
\f0\b Joseph Anderson
\f1\b0 \
Interesting. Seems like a balancing act.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1698.72"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @28:18}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Joshua?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1700.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @28:20}} - 
\f0\b Joshua Agarwal
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. So I just had two thoughts when, Joseph, you were talking about kind of the data audibility part. Like, one of the things I'm looking at now is for an initial study is looking at a cost comparison between two different variations of a project for a carbon capture project.\
And the first step I took was kind of saying, okay, can we build an app that's going to take all these data sources and build a proper calculator simulator that will determine what our costs are going to look like and the benefits and some of the different engineering considerations we look at.\
And it whipped it up and created something really great and valuable, but then it's like, okay, that shareable next component.\
How do I share this with the team when I fully don't understand the mechanics of what's going on and then the back end and so what I ended up doing was saying okay take all of this but put it in a spreadsheet like build a spreadsheet for me and then I can go in and kind of audit the different pieces and change it up and that worked well.\
What I will say is another piece that has helped me in kind of sharing this and making sure I understand it as well as other people do is saying okay whatever software you've created create like a really simple manual that kind of outlines the back end the front end like how does this work.\
And how would you explain to somebody simple and it creates like a one or two page memo that I send along with kind of this demo and it makes it so much easier for people to understand kind of what's going on without getting too into the weeds.\
That's kind of what I've found that helps with the software piece rather than kind of going too into the weeds myself with the actual program.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1786.18"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @29:46}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, mean two great things you can do. You can demo it in a format that's familiar and safe, which is an Excel spreadsheet.\
You can you can have everything kind of codified in a send ahead that you could basically say like we take.\
Thanks, used on. Taking care of like all these things. So they're ways of getting people kind of more comfortable and yourself, basically, with that.\
Tripp, you had your hand up. don't know if you had your question answered.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1812.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @30:12}} - 
\f0\b Tripp
\f1\b0 \
I mean, just when I was playing around with this question about data audits, I like, you know, working at EY, work with auditors quite a bit and ESG auditors around this and they're like, what is the basis of preparation and what is the pattern effect, right?\
These are the terms of art that they use as auditors. And sort of thinking about it from this first principles, like these are the principles by which auditing is done and therefore start to abstract from there of how to build into this.\
And I did it in very simple ways. But if I had an auditor working with me closely on this, we could go so much further and deeper around this, right?\
Like, I can ask Claude how to think about this as an auditor. I wouldn't trust it entirely until I had vetted it.\
And a professional to be able to do, but it allowed me to sort of like play around, like, what if I just can go straight into the source of truth in the data in these tables that I'm building out, right?\
The actual Excel source document that this is from, and that would give the auditor as well as the client access straight to the data of where it's coming from.\
And you could think about, like, we can do that with the methodology document, the process documentation, all of the artifact, classic artifacts that are used.\
But the question that comes, like, how do you make that, to Martin's point, stable, like, over time, right? And that's, like, you can build it.\
How do you make sure it's not like wet clay that keeps changing over time? And, you know, you can give confidence in yourself and your team and your client that this is a stable environment that we have built using Claude.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=1913.1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @31:53}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I mean, I think, I think, first of all, that auditor perspective is really interesting. And I think that's something I want to learn about.\
So... A little bit more, but I think that it just goes to show you, you can get a lot of value by saying, treat this as an auditor, what would you say?\
Like, that's an interesting conversation to have with ClubCode. I think from the standpoint of, like, I think what we're describing here, which is, again, a little daunting, right?\
It's daunting, is that we become, to a certain extent, architects of the thing we're building, because we're building systems.\
And to architect the systems, we need to make sure that we cover different perspectives about how that system should work, and what it should do, and then also part of that analysis is that how stable the system will be over time.\
And so there could definitely be pushback to that, and people could say to me, I never signed up to be a software systems designer, effectively.\
I don't want to use the word architect, that's even scarier. And I guess what I'm suggesting is basically, I just don't see an alternative to this is where things are headed in the future.\
I really don't. Because I know for the last kind of week and a half, I've been building an incredibly complex platform on the financial side.\
And it's forced me to think about how the platform should be. And I know, you know, William, our CTO is like right there, I can ask him questions, but I'm like, no, I want to do this.\
And so I've been like architecting this platform in a way that makes sense to me in terms of data flows and stability and like, should it be a database?\
Should it be an empty file? And making like a ton of choices like that. And again, like I've said to you all, like last time I tried to code was Fortran back in college, and we used those like clickety-clack card-punching machines, okay?\
That's how long ago it was. So I don't have any special insight into how software gets created, but I'm having to do my best.\
And so like, this is essentially, I think the future.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2040.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @34:00}} - 
\f0\b Joshua Agarwal
\f1\b0 \
Joshua Just a really quick thought, when you were mentioning this complex tool you were building, it's kind of reminding me of the, call it the challenge curve in one of the more complex tools I'm building within my company as well.\
I'll say the first like two to three weeks was a lot of back and forth with the engineering teams and the commercial teams to understand exactly what their problem was and how do you architect the solution that's going to be useful and fit for purpose for them.\
Joshua was the hard, challenging part and then obviously hundreds of iterations back and forth to create what we actually want and mold it into the form factor that they want, but now it's at a point where I call it 90% done, like this version seven, where I feel like if I were to pass it over to them and they had any issues with the code and they had, say, VS code downloaded with Claude, they could fix it themselves by just talking back and forth and like the architecture set up.\
Joshua I'm wondering if you think that's like the way things are going, where you have a team that does the hard stuff to build the tool that works and then it's like.\
Like, okay, the maintenance part doesn't have to be on you anymore. It's like you can just communicate with it if there's a little bug and fix it in seconds, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2109.1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @35:09}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, and that's pretty much the way we're working as a team is that ultimately our CTO is going to make sure that whatever we produce works reliably.\
I don't have the skills to do that. And so there's live coding going on, but there's some serious engineering going on as well.\
And ultimately, I think that that's pretty much the way it's going to look. And then I think, Martin, you asked a question about timestamps, and I'm absolutely doing that.\
It's called state management, but the app that I'm building has labels for fields that basically say, like, where did this come from and when did it come?\
And that's a key part of what I'm trying to build. And I'm talking about, just so you guys know, like, I'm trying to build this thing while I do other work.\
So. All day long I'm working on it. Many, many days, like, you know, 10 days. And I'm working on this thing and working on this thing and I'm doing other stuff.\
But like I'm trying to make these decisions. Oh, yeah, we do need provenance. How do I get provenance set up?\
Like all of these kinds of things. It's a, it's a new world.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2175.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:15}} - 
\f0\b Dylan Mayer
\f1\b0 \
Dylan. Yeah, I just, could we just dive into just for a minute, whether it's you or Ben into Martin's primary question.\
I just thought it was a really good one. And I just would love your perspective.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2185.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:25}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Primary question.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2188.39"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:28}} - 
\f0\b Dylan Mayer
\f1\b0 \
Are you thinking about the HTML apps we've created that starting there?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2193.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @36:33}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yes. Let me, let me talk about that with the presentation, because I think in the interest of time, we've got to move on, but I will address it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 SCREEN SHARING: \cf0 \strokec2 Diego started screen sharing - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2197.969989"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
So basically, a harness versus an app who uses the harness, a relatively, I wouldn't say expert, but like experienced user who's maxed out their tokens.\
It's a more open ended web workflow. So repeatability, not, not as high. And cloud code is the software. You're the operator of the software.\
And then versus using an app that's built by CloudCode, it's for anyone. They don't need to know how to use CloudCode.\
There's a very specific workflow that's very repeatable. And so CloudCode builds this software, and anyone can run it. So these are the two pieces of what you can do with this harness.\
So the question is, if you're designing something from Sarah, who is she? What does she do? And also the Portco ESG contacts, are they going to use it?\
The role and her objectives determine what she needs to see. And then the workflow as well, like what are the inputs?\
Where does the data come from? What decisions is it actually supporting? Is it one workflow per app or is it many?\
Or, you know, I think there could be more than one. What does done look like? So when the app does its work, you know, what is the deliverable?\
What is the actual decision? Is it a decision? mean? mean? And so you could basically build a carbon tracker where more data comes in every month, and I think some of you actually did this already.\
Data will come in and then basically keep calculating the inventory, right? An ESG deal screener, for any deal that comes in, it automatically screens that deal for ESG risk.\
That could be an app, and it does it the same way every single time. An LP reporting assistant, so there's reporting of climate and sustainability data to the investors of the fund.\
Let's do, and instead of having a reference file, and so instead of Sarah going to the reference file and going like, build me this, make me this, it's more like I'm pulling up the LP reporting assistance app, and that's going to report this month's report to the investors.\
So you see the difference. So So between those things, hopefully. So let me go backwards. So you're making a tracking dashboard.\
So So Sarah needs to know which portfolio companies are drifting from the kind of budget of the initiatives and the progress that they're supposed to make.\
And so she doesn't want to go into cloud code and say, hey, help me figure this out. Well, she could, but she's just not inclined to.\
You know, like, that's all there is to it. You know, she's not inclined to. And so stop right there.\
We need an app. Right? That's all it takes. And so she'll, she doesn't necessarily input anything. There's a dataset that gets created by the app.\
But then she sees KPI performance. These are examples, by the way, this is an unrestrained environment that you're working with, so you don't have to do this.\
There's a KPI performance versus budget. Variance metric. I don't even know what a rag is that cloud came up with that.\
There's two quarters of trend data to work with. And then she can click and say, analyze. Why is this going wrong?\
What should I do about it? And that. That calls an agent. So CloudCode makes an agent that will be called to Advisor.\
This is a potential app. Okay, so you're not there anymore, she doesn't have to call you every single time.\
But basically, she's like, oh, there's variants going on here, what do I do, blah, blah, blah. You should do this, right?\
That could happen inside of an app. So basically, if you think about your stack, the shell is going to be done in HTML, I'm going to ask you to create a dataset.\
So there's no progress data, there's no new progress data right now in your user folder. So one of the first steps is to say, hey, create two quarters worth of progress data for me, for one or more portfolio company, okay?\
I suggested last week, you could already be in the business of simulating data. This This is a... a... a good skill to have?\
Because we can do this in cloud, and it wasn't really available to us in the past. Like, we can spin up data sets and show it to use people, use it to show people things.\
And that's interesting in and of itself, right? So you're going to be doing that this week. How do I know it's going to be good data that you spin up?\
I don't. Give it a shot and see if you can tell whether it's good data and whether you think it's going to be good enough to power a demo of the app.\
But that's going to go into a data JavaScript file. So JavaScript is a little bit more advanced language to create apps that goes beyond HTML.\
I can't tell you much more than that, because I don't know. Okay, I make a lot of websites in HTML, but if I'm going to sit down and write to do a serious app, it's going to be in JavaScript.\
And there's this thing called Node.js or JavaScript or whatever. I like cloud code and make those decisions. There's going to be a dashboard.js, which is the actual software, and an agent.js, which you can call Claude to make informed evaluations or create advice.\
Okay. And how do you run it? You don't pay too much attention to this because this is basically Claude's view of the world, and you don't need to know this.\
But basically, there are going to be commands that Claude Code uses to run the software. And this is here just as a place marker to say, like, it's going to be run in a certain way, but like, honestly, you don't need to know.\
You just tell Claude Code, run it for me. Okay. And there's going to be an API call to Claude for that piece of advice or that evaluation.\
In your plan, you should be able to generate a key. Okay. And And that, that key is going to be used to call clog.\
Make sure you don't give that to anyone. Okay. Don't share your key. Don't put it on Reddit. Okay. Or X.\
I know this is a lot to throw at you, but like, honestly, I built so many apps. I just, I don't even know 20% of this.\
It's just basically, Hey, I need a data set. Are you going to make an app? Are you going to make it in JavaScript?\
Yeah, that's the best way to do it. Okay. And then it's going to figure out it needs a data JS file.\
It needs a dashboard JS file. I wanted to call an agent that provides evaluation in this workflow. Okay. It's going to create an agent JS, or it's going to stick the code that the agent uses.\
It's going to run it in a certain way, and it's going to launch it in a certain way, but code's going to make all those decisions.\
You really don't have to. All you need to do is guide it to the workflow that you're trying to produce or design.\
That's helpful to Sarah. Okay. I'm going to stop here for questions because I'm sure this is like a little bit of the scarier part of it.\
By the way, most of you have already done this. You've created HTML apps. They're clickable and things like that.\
You didn't need to decide, oh, this needs to be an HTML. Where's the code to do it? Remember, when you do a presentation, that presentation is just like words and visuals.\
But somehow you all created stuff that you can click on. Every one of those click is an instruction set, a.k.a.\
computer code. That you already wrote. So I'm saying like the vast majority of are already deep into this. You just didn't maybe realize it at the time that you were doing it.\
So any questions before I go on? Any questions or thoughts? Yes, Danny.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2691.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @44:51}} - 
\f0\b Danny Miller
\f1\b0 \
Mine, I think, is somewhat related to Martin's in the chat. And I imagine part of the reason why you said don't.\
share your API key anywhere, so is it linked directly to your account? So say we make this app, it's our API key that's pulling to Claude.\
Is it to our instance of Claude? So if Sarah is using and using and using and using, is that taking up our tokens?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2717.5"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @45:17}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, if Sarah was your client, what I would do is, I would tell Sarah, get your, get a Claude, you know, go to the Anthropic website, you need to do this, you need to sign up for an API key.\
If you wanted to embed it in your app, then you need safeguards. You need to have like a rate limit.\
Our app has rate limits. Everyone that we produce, because we have a CTO that knows how to do that.\
But these are not things that you kind of play around with. The good news is on a monthly plan, even if someone were to get your, your API key, they would run it up until they got rate limited by a monthly plan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2750.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @45:50}} - 
\f0\b Danny Miller
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, yeah, right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2752.06"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @45:52}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
That would be too bad, but it's not like a disaster, right? It's when you have like an open-ended API that's out in the world, they have to be like super careful.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2760.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @46:00}} - 
\f0\b Danny Miller
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. Okay. Thanks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2763.17"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @46:03}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Other questions before I go on? So concretely, what I'm suggesting is, because I threw a lot at you, is this is a tracker for Sarah to use, and you're not there anymore.\
I mean, you still have, you know, maybe you're charging her X dollars an hour to call you with questions.\
That's great. Or there's follow-on work. But in the meantime, it's part of your value add, which, by the way, you don't charge by the hour for.\
You charge more for, like, the engagement. Hey, I can get you set up with all your port codes to be with a tracker.\
What's that worth to you? It's not billing your time out. It's like, what is it worth to Sarah? And she's going to pay for that.\
Okay. So this tracker, what does it do? It gets data from progress from the port codes. And it basically says to Sarah how she's doing.\
Okay. She doesn't have to input the actual data, because wouldn't that be tedious? But she can call agents. can input other stuff.\
She can. That's up to your creativity. And get something that is useful for her at the end of the day in terms of making decisions without you there.\
Concretely, that's what I'm proposing. And I'm proposing that that is probably a JS app and not an HTML app.\
That's all you need to know. And CloudCode is going to write it, and it's going to store it, and it's going to launch it for you.\
Okay? And when it launches, you should be able to play around with it and actually use it. Okay? Like I said, it's not that much different than some of the HTML stuff that you all have built, except most of you built stuff that wasn't yet something that intended for someone to reuse in a way that they might be interacting with it more than just clicking on tabs, right?\
So before I go on to the last slides, any other questions? Nobody has a doubt. Everyone's like, I got this.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2885.03"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @48:05}} - 
\f0\b Jessica Thomas
\f1\b0 \
Yay. We have a quick question, actually. So we're going to create progress data, and I know we've done this before, but is this progress data like they have Sarah and Northwood and these leaders on her port code teams have addressed the initiatives that we proposed?\
Or is it some other kind of progress?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2916.27"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @48:36}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
That's a great question, and I think this is part of the open-ended collaboration. You could just say, hey, look at the initiatives I proposed last week.\
Go two quarters and assume like they've been at it. Give me some progress data for it. Or you could say, it's a mix.\
Some initiatives are ongoing. Other things are not progressing. That's a more complicated kind of idea. ... ... ... ...\
So there's different, you know, possibilities there, but that's a great question, Jessica. Other questions?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2952.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @49:12}} - 
\f0\b Cheryl Baldwin
\f1\b0 \
Yigo, we went back and forth a little bit in the chat on one of the points you made. So just to clarify, when we hand over an app to a third party, they should have their own Claude account to manage their own usage and what they may or may not want to limit.\
Is that right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2972.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @49:32}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Or you have a really well engineered limit on how much anyone can use. Within the app. Within I would suggest that you would need a technical person.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2986.17"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @49:46}} - 
\f0\b Cheryl Baldwin
\f1\b0 \
Okay. And that's engineered within the app itself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=2989.73"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @49:49}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yes. Well, what it is is that you'll have an Entropic account, and the Entropic team account or enterprise account will allow you, if you're a technical person.\
a pretty good Thank You'll be able to kind of like set limits. do I know that? Because that's what our CTO does, if you're nice.\
Martin?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3010.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @50:10}} - 
\f0\b martin
\f1\b0 \
Martin I was kind of thinking you could actually create a sort of a usage account for the client. And let's say you had kind of a monthly, something going on monthly with them, right?\
You would either sort of say, okay, as long as it's below this, let's say, assume it's covered in our monthly billing, right?\
Or you basically, you know, then bill for them, right? Martin way that saves them the, because doing the whole account key, if I remember correctly, is a bit of a hassle, the key, right?\
So this, this does for them, you hand them something that's using, already using this sort of like billing or functional plot account, right?\
And, you know, like I said, you can either, you know, as long as it's below X amount per month, you sort of assume it's, you know, already incorporated in your, in your billing, right?\
In what you're already providing them. Amen. You only get billed if it goes above that, or you send it to me, it's just a sort of an authoring way to do that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3065.75"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @51:05}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, all these are possibilities. And again, like, I would encourage, like, I would be very hesitant to ever embark on something like that as a non-technical user.\
Like, there are limits to bytecoding. And one of those limits is if someone potentially can run up thousands and thousands of dollars of costs on you, that is not something that you want to play around with.\
And it's very, very, very, very risky. And the nice thing is, like, on a monthly plan, you know, you're paying a certain amount a month.\
And so if it provides you with a key, it shouldn't allow you to go beyond that limit. Please check that.\
And so I'm not meaning right now to embark you all on the ocean voyage of, you know, building apps and sharing them with.\
This week I just want a demo, so there'll be time for that other stuff. You know, the best thing I could tell you is just, like, come into demo, don't share your API key with anyone, please, and the key is just to fail fast.\
You built an app, you know, you've already built apps, so I just want to say that, like, that's what surprised us, you know, as a team, that you'd built apps so early, but now you're more kind of, like, deliberately building an interactive app for a client, so it's just, like, a little bit more deliberate, and so basically you're going to generate a dataset, could be one or two quarters, you're going to build a dashboard, and you're going to add some agent calls, and maybe some other bells and whistles, and you can discuss CloudCode as to how to do that, and then, crucially, in the last five minutes, I'm just going to talk a little bit about launching.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 SCREEN SHARING: \cf0 \strokec2 Diego started screen sharing - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3143.346877"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 WATCH}}
\f1\b0 \
So, when you launch your app, what's going to happen is the CloudCode will launch it in your browser, just like HTML, but it'll use this thing called the local host, and the local host is just basically a host for the application that normal.\
normally is hosted in a place like Netlify or Cloudfair. Okay. In your local host, only you can use it.\
You're not going to share it with someone else. It's just basically launching the code out of your machine into your browser locally.\
Okay. So that's your first line. If you're interested, we can talk about this on Wednesday, and Ben is an expert on this.\
We can push this to Cloudfair, and you can get a custom URL, and we'll talk about this more on Wednesday.\
Okay. And then you can share your app. Remember, sharing your app involves being very careful about the API key.\
But that's definitely a doable proposition. But at a minimum, Cloudcode is going to launch this just like it launches the HTML app and this thing called the local host.\
And you'll see that as the output. But what is Cloudfair? What is Netlify? It's just like a place where it's more like where you can launch a public app with a URL.\
And that's where you can really share That thing, because it lives in the cloud. think of Netlify, CloudFair as cloud-based app hosts, right?\
And we can get you there really easily, even on a free plan, I believe. Ben's nodding his head. But come and talk about, if that interests you, come and talk about it on Wednesday, is my suggestion.\
Any questions before we have? Three minutes. What was the question? The gears are turning. I know the gears are turning in your head.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3273.09"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:33}} - 
\f0\b Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \
All right. I've got a question.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3275.35"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:35}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
And I know the answer is yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3277.55"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:37}} - 
\f0\b Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \
But the question is basically, like, can an app built in cloud code be handed off to a technical person for sort of post-clawed editing and adjustments, a small functionality tweak?\
My guess is the answer is yes. But the question is, like, what does that packaging and handoff look like?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3296.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @54:56}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah. So I think this is also the future of a lot of software people, is that that. You're going to go on Upwork and you're going to look for, you know, vibe coding fixers or vibe coding support or something like that.\
And then someone will be able to say, I've helped a thousand people, you know, to make sure that their apps were good enough to share.\
And you'll be like, cool, you know, I'm going to, you know, contract with you. And you'll provide them with the JS files and whatever, and then they'll fix your app for you.\
That, I think, is what's going to happen in the future. So I'm sure those people already exist on Upwork.\
I just haven't checked, because we have our own internal person who does that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3338.05"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @55:38}} - 
\f0\b Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, I guess I'm wondering, like, my workplace is not ready for Cloud Code apps, but I want, maybe in the next year or two, and I want to be able to say, like, oh, like, we've got this problem on X team.\
Let me spin up an app. Like, how do I give that to ITA to make sure that the security is clean, but also, like, oh, actually, we need to add a photo upload.\
Or little tweaks like that, that may not need to be handled and clawed, but I want to have some sort of flow between sort of IT and, you know, my desk.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3372.03"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @56:12}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
Yeah, and I think this is a, so this formally is called DevOps.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3375.65"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @56:15}} - 
\f0\b Elijah Theodore Forrester
\f1\b0 \
How do things get handed off? Right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3377.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @56:17}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
And close that code. So DevOps is going to completely change. DevOps is, how do I, and internally in our team, this is how it works.\
Alex Bickley has coded most of our apps. Uh, William, and he's, uh, one year out of, uh, climate finance grad school.\
Um, Ben has worked on a lot of the back ends of the apps on that data layer. I've also buy coded apps.\
Uh, William, our architect is an experienced enterprise architect, and he fixes all our stuff and makes sure that we're not like going crazy.\
And so he's like the, he's like the border collie, you know, and we're very productive this way.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3415.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @56:55}} - 
\f0\b ben hillier (Voiz)
\f1\b0 \
Right. And just, just, just the thing here that the, the main kind of, um, Consolidating software here is GitHub.\
So when you're talking about handing it over, we basically, you put the files in GitHub, which can be very easily shared within a team, and GitHub is a very, very common kind of format for technical teams and IT teams.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/635567627?timestamp=3436.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 @57:16}} - 
\f0\b diego espinosa
\f1\b0 \
So handing it over through GitHub and giving them access is a likely way that you would do that. And if you're interested in a live publishing of your app, Wednesday, Ben will talk about GitHub and Netlify.\
It's really easy. It's really easy to do. It's just more of a, like, security. Questions that are kind of, like, basic before you start charging for anything.\
know, that's the main thing. Awesome. Okay. Come on Wednesday with your questions. Look forward to the demos on Friday.\
Have fun this week, everybody. Great. Thanks a lot. Bye.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
Impromptu Zoom Meeting - April 13\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 VIEW RECORDING - 58 mins (No highlights)
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Meeting Purpose\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=796.0"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 To introduce the "harness" concept and outline the week's app-building project.}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Key Takeaways\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=962.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul AI is a "harness," not software.
\f1\b0  It's a workspace for open-ended collaboration, not a deterministic tool. Success requires active, cognitive driving; waiting to be told what to do is a risk.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1261.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul A "harness" enables "workflow completeness."
\f1\b0  It closes the loop from data input to reasoning to file output, allowing a single user to complete complex tasks (e.g., carbon inventories, financial analyses).}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1552.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Apps codify harness-discovered workflows.
\f1\b0  They provide a stable, repeatable, and shareable version of a process for non-technical users, solving for auditability and consistency.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2764.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul The week's project is a JavaScript dashboard.
\f1\b0  You will build a climate progress tracker for a client ("Sarah") to monitor portfolio company performance without needing to use the Claude Code harness directly.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Topics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 The "Harness" vs. Software Paradigm\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=962.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul AI is a "harness" (e.g., Claude Code), not deterministic software.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=962.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Harness:
\f1\b0  A workspace for open-ended collaboration.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=994.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Capabilities:
\f1\b0  Tool calling, API fetching, sub-agent spawning, memory management.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls2\ilvl2
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1035.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Autonomy:
\f1\b0  Makes decisions and adapts workflows on the fly.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=865.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Software:
\f1\b0  A fixed tool that delivers the same result every time.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=352.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul This paradigm shift requires users to "up their game" cognitively and actively drive the AI.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=590.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Signal of progress:
\f1\b0  Reaching API rate limits, which indicates pushing the tool hard enough.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1133.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Risk:
\f1\b0  Waiting to be told what to do makes one vulnerable to automation.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Apps: Codifying Workflows for Repeatability\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1552.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Apps are the solution for making harness-discovered workflows stable, repeatable, and shareable.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=962.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Harness (e.g., Claude Code):}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2200.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul User:
\f1\b0  Experienced operator.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2200.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Purpose:
\f1\b0  Open-ended exploration.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2200.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Repeatability:
\f1\b0  Low.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2200.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul App (e.g., a JS dashboard):}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2200.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul User:
\f1\b0  Anyone.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2200.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Purpose:
\f1\b0  Codified, repeatable workflow.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2200.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Repeatability:
\f1\b0  High.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1592.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Core Challenge:
\f1\b0  Balancing the harness's "inventiveness" with the app's need for consistency and auditability.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1756.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Solutions for Trust:}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1740.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Familiar Formats:
\f1\b0  Export results to Excel for easy auditing.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1756.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Documentation:
\f1\b0  Generate a simple manual explaining the app's mechanics.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=1812.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Auditor Persona:
\f1\b0  Prompt the harness to think like an auditor to build in controls.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Week's Project: Interactive Dashboard\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=803.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Goal:
\f1\b0  Build an interactive JavaScript dashboard to track climate progress.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2337.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Client:
\f1\b0  "Sarah," an ESG contact at Northwood, needs to monitor portfolio company performance without using the Claude Code harness directly.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2337.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul App Features:}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2374.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Data:
\f1\b0  Display KPIs vs. budget, variance metrics, and trend data.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2393.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Agent Call:
\f1\b0  Include a button (e.g., "Analyze Why") that calls an AI agent for insights or advice.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2426.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Technical Stack (Harness-Generated):}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\f3\b\fs26 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2426.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul index.html
\f0\fs24 :
\f1\b0  App shell.}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl1
\f3\b\fs26 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2426.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul data.js
\f0\fs24 :
\f1\b0  Simulated progress data (2 quarters).}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl1
\f3\b\fs26 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2426.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul dashboard.js
\f0\fs24 :
\f1\b0  Core app logic.}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl1
\f3\b\fs26 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2426.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul agent.js
\f0\fs24 :
\f1\b0  Code for the advice-giving agent.}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2575.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul API Key Security:}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2575.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Critical:
\f1\b0  Do not share your API key.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2691.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Risk:
\f1\b0  Client usage consumes your tokens; a monthly plan limits financial exposure.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls4\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2952.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Long-term:
\f1\b0  For production, clients need their own keys or a technical solution for usage management.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Deployment & Handoff\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3163.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Localhost:
\f1\b0  Claude Code launches the app on a local server, accessible only to you.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3197.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Public Deployment:
\f1\b0  Use platforms like Netlify or Cloudflare for a shareable URL.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3197.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Support:
\f1\b0  Ben will cover this on Wednesday.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3415.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Handoff to IT:
\f1\b0  Share the project files via GitHub.}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3415.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Rationale:
\f1\b0  GitHub is the standard for technical teams, enabling collaboration and maintenance (DevOps).}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Next Steps\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3120.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul All Participants:}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2764.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Build an interactive JavaScript dashboard for "Sarah."}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls6\ilvl1\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2426.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Generate a simulated 2-quarter progress dataset.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls6\ilvl1\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2393.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Include a button to call an AI agent for advice.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls6\ilvl1\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=2575.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Do not share your API key.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls6\ilvl1\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3458.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Prepare for Friday's demo.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3197.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Interested Participants:}}
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/share/GFdYTW_YLdxg-D8XAebjJL3xjZNp7svE?tab=summary&timestamp=3197.0"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Attend the Wednesday session with Ben to learn about GitHub and Netlify for public deployment.}}\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}